This project is a web application that entails the products, packages and services offered by my sister's events company EventsCo SA. The Home section plays a video that displays the different services offered by the company such as a stretch tent, decor, stage setup for a bridal couple as well as a chairs and tables layout for guests. A picture is then displayed in the About section which informs users about the history of the company as well as the services on offer and contact information. I used a carousel slider to display images in the Packages, Products, Services and Reviews sections respectively as I wanted to display all the services offered by the company and displaying images in a grid would have taken up too much of space. The Packages section displays different event packages such as Bridal Shower, Wedding and Graduation and what items are offered for hire in the different packages along with the price. The Products section displays individual items such as chairs, tables and cutlery that can be hired along with their prices. The Services section displays individual sliders based on the type of event as well as a heading above the slider to inform the user that the items in the images in that slider are used for that event; such as Balloon Arch, Bridal Shower and Graduation to name a few. The Reviews section displays images in a carousel which inform the user about previous clients experiences with using EventsCo SA to coordinate their event. The Contact section displays 4 clickable links to the EventsCo SA Facebook page, WhatsApp Number, Email Address and Phone Number so the user can contact EventsCo using whichever form of communication they prefer.

One of the challenges I had with creating this website was creating the mobile menu as well as making the mobile and navbar links clickable. I overcame these 2 challenges by doing extensive research as well as by putting together different pieces of code.

I created this website application using React.js, HTML, CSS and JavaScript Frameworks.
